Updates for U10 (#69)
Esri/maps-app-dotnet: README.md

Maps app uses authenticated ArcGIS Online services for routing and geocoding. You need to configure the app for OAuth authentication.

1. Log in to [developers.arcgis.com](https://developers.arcgis.com).

> 2. Create a [new application](https://developers.arcgis.com/applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a [new application](https://developers.arcgis.com/applications/).
```

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [LICENSE](https://github.com/Esri/maps-app-dotnet/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

> For information about licensing your deployed app, see [License your app](https://developers.arcgis.com/applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about licensing your deployed app, see [License your app](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/license-and-deployment/license/).
```
